We just did some Kubernetes setup on our exploration service, but we did forget one little step.
We forgot to set up that file sinking inside of our scaffold YAML file.
I'm going to open up my scaffold YAML file.
I'm going to scroll down to the bottom.
The last entry inside of here should be for orders.
I'm going to copy, paste that thing down.
I'll fix up some indentation.
And then I'll change orders and orders to expiration instead.
So expiration and expiration.
So now we should have all that file sinking stuff set up for the expiration service as well.
And then going to save this file and I'm going to go back over to my terminal and see what scaffold
is doing.
Now, quick note.
If you go back over to scaffold, you might see your image get rebuilt.
So something like this right here, it might try to rebuild your image and then you might eventually
see something that says on known response manifest for blah blah blah unknown.
If you see that, no problem whatsoever, all you got to do is restart scaffold.
So I'm going to close scaffold down.
And they'll start it back up.
Oh, scaffold.
Yep.
Now when everything gets graded again, we should see that expiration service or speed, the expiration
deployment or the pod start to get launched.
I do eventually get my exploration service coming up, which is great.
But you'll also notice I'm getting some errors inside of here about unable to connect to the NAT service.
That's totally fine.
Essentially, our tickets service and probably some others here are starting to boot up before the NAT
streaming server is live and we can connect to it.
Those services should automatically restart eventually, but just in case they don't.
In order to fix that, we can do a little.
Get pods and then manually restart our orders, deployment tickets, deployment and possibly expiration
as well.
So to manually restart those things, I would copy the name and do a CTL, delete odd and then put the
name in and I'll do the same for tickets as well.
So it'll delete pod and then the name.
When those things automatically get relaunched, we should then be able to connect to nets.
Yep.
Looks good.
And it looks like the expiration service is connected as well.
So it looks like I'm all green across the board.
Let's take a pause right here and continue with DJs in just a moment.